hey guys it's Sophie and today I'm going
to be sort of like reviewing a thing
that I got from Target it is a slime kit
and Kate actually got this one time I
was like that sounds so cool and so I
got it she said I'll give you her review
she said it sounds clear it's cool and
it's a good slime but it feels like
crushed up Orbeez it doesn't really
stretch but I'll see that for myself and
I actually have one of these kit and
it's a hydro super sand it cute if you
put your sand under water you can sculpt
it and if you take it out it'll still be
driving and so yeah that's what I had
already but this is the same kind of kit
but it is a song so before we begin make
sure to subscribe to my channel to be a
forever member so i have my kit right
here it is just looks like that and by
the way this was like five dollars and
it's all like yellow on as you can see
so i'll just say what's in here and i
have um paper towels because you know so
I'm can get messy I have a spoon I think
it comes with a stir stick but I just
have a spoon anyway and a bowl so sorry
this about the Clank okay so it comes
with the activator cool it comes with
actually you can make three slides out
of this so it comes with three
activators it's a lot of activators and
it comes with like this zinc so fight or
like some kind of chemical scary I'm I
need to grab my scissors so I can it
comes with instructions fancy um and it
comes it comes with a stir stick it
comes with 3 30 slime type things like
slime things where you put your
activators in like jelly it comes with
three times with red green and blue I
like the blue color i think i'm gonna do
that color I always seem to forget my
scissors
in videos so I grabbed my scissors these
scissors are rough they have been
through blue lots of slime and brown
paint you know what I'm talking about
Jaden ok so I'm just going to read the
directions and assert start from there
so you have to pour your activator and
your slime together and then mix mix for
three minutes ok let it sit for three
minutes and then pour it ok but why does
it have this like this powdery stuff
what is this what it doesn't say
anything about this powdery chemical ok
I'm just go for it ok so i take my
activator pour it in let me see things
like any direction no no directions I
don't know what I'm supposed to do with
that mysterious powder ok I'll just pour
the end activator not sure what the
activator actually is if it's like black
water or it's just like no idea ok
that's activator board I thing I'm gonna
do blue so I'm just like gonna scrape it
all down looking fine metal right you
can find this ok so I just like I'm just
gonna squeeze this into the bowl I'm
kind of wondering what's like it's gonna
do do you know what like crushed up or
beast feels like because Kate said it
feels like that not sure I could I could
see how that feels I know how that feels
I have some sort of type or read things
ok I'm just going to squeeze this speed
this up Sophie
ok back to normal speed let's I think
I'm gonna take meisterstuck that it
comes with and just stir is this start
for three minutes so I'm not gonna watch
y'all make y'all watch me stir for three
minutes so I will be back ok so I start
it for three minutes and it also the
directions also said to leave it for
three minutes and so I left it for three
minutes already so it feels watery it
feels weird here I'll show you on a
second but you can like barely pick it's
like this is we some really watery it's
like really really watery but like okay
this is kind of weird can you see that
that's like it's really jiggly butt
watery oh my goodness i'm kind of like
afraid to put it on a table or something
like to play with it but this is weird
um it's like crumbly it's not even like
stretchy this is so weird it's just
crumbly but it kind of feels like
dressed up or bees like Kate said feels
are crushed up or bees oh my
hmm this is so weird sorry I'm just like
talking about it and not showing you so
let me wipe off my hands and I will show
you guys what this looks like so speed
this up Sophie okay we're good that's
normal speed um i will show you this ok
do you see this this is so weird it's
like jelly like type thing like look
Shelley jelly jelly jelly it's so weird
sorry my camera is really shaky but it's
actually sitting in a puddle of
mysterious liquid like look sitting I
can even pick it up it's soaked lumbly
and it's actually really jiggly like
case it's really gently i feels like
fresh de bourrée so Kate's review was
definitely correct okay guys that was my
video I'm so weird so yeah this was my
video I really hope you enjoyed it guys
you should definitely buy this I okay so
you know how Abby if you've ever watched
Kate's videos you would see that she
mixes a success and a fail a sale so
yeah so I think this was a sale it was
like it was a success because it made
slime but like it was a sort of a fail
because it kind of leaves your hands
with sticky or wet residue so yeah it's
kind of weird but it's very fun to play
with though so I should probably wipe
off my hands so I can actually stop the
camera and it's probably smart but yeah
I hope you enjoyed this video if you did
make sure to like comment share
subscribe and yeah so hope y'all make
this slime I really shouldn't have
touched it um but yeah that's my review
I think it get deserves ate like a
thumbs in the middle so yeah okay thanks
for watching and remember to make it a
great day bye
I